Home
主页

Production
产品

About
关于

All right reserved
版权所有

-------------

What is the maker
什么是创客


Passion for science and technology group , keen to practice man.
一群酷爱科技，热衷实践的人。


We share technology , share ideas for fun.
我们以分享技术，交流思想为乐。

Maker times
创客时代

Let us stand on each other's shoulders , the more points higher .Human industrial civilization , commercial civilization , and of course our own , is a dramatic change 
让我们站在彼此的肩膀上，越站越高。人类工业文明、商业文明，当然还有我们自己，正在发生巨变。


Play wonderfully
玩出精彩

" Play " is a state : relaxed, comfortable and free.
“玩”是一种状态：放松，惬意，自由。

" Play " is a practice: continue to mental and physical, but also hands-on .
“玩”是一种实践：不断要动脑，还要动手。

" Play " is a way of sharing : play with others , it is more interesting , more meaningful.
“玩”是一种分享：与他人一起玩，才更有趣，更有意义。

" Play " is a realm : As more and more people join together to play off the record , because the world will "play " and change.
“玩”是一种分享：与他人一起玩，才更有趣，更有意义。

Share happiness
分享快乐

The share as a pleasure.
把分享作为一种乐趣。

Initiative on the basis of respect for the dissemination of knowledge work together.
尊重首创精神的基础上，为知识的传播一起努力。


Creative art field
创意领域


Electronics, machinery , robotics , 3D printing ......
电子、机械、机器人、3D打印 ……


-----------
Applications
产品应用

Success case of products ......
成功产品案例……


Product promotion
产品宣传

Unmanned aerial vehicle
无人机

3D printer
3D打印机

Interesting products
趣味产品

Four axis aircraft
四轴飞行器

Four axis unmanned aerial vehicles, advanced flight control system, automatic cruise, high-definition camera, hovering.
四轴无人飞行器，高精尖飞控系统，自动巡航，高清摄像，空中悬停。

Colorful 3 d printer
多彩3D打印机

Print speeds of up to 10 mm/SEC, forming precision high, double color printing.
打印速度高达10mm/秒，成型精确度高，双色打印。

robot
机器人

Originated from Italy, universal wheel, automatic tracking, automatic obstacle avoidance, flexible and agile.
源自意大利，万向轮，自动循迹，自动避障，灵活敏捷。

main board
主板

The sparrow is small all-sided, rich hardware and software resources, easy to learn and easy to use.
麻雀虽小五脏俱全，丰富的硬件、软件资源，易学易用。

---------
About us
关于我们

Along the way, have you good...
一路走来，有你精彩……

The development course
发展历程

Gektek maker space was established in May 2012, is a group of software and hardware of XX region technical talents and design talents by the folk non-profit organizations (ngos), is one of the earliest established a guest space in China. Development up to now, has become one of the largest passenger organization in China, was rated as jiangsu provincial the space, xx city municipal ngos.
Our strength has been committed to promote xx district private science and technology and the development of cultural innovation, integration of talent and resources advantages, encourage inventions and technological innovation, encourage knowledge sharing and artistic creation. We encourage more research and the practical products and projects, the formation of the intellectual property rights and patents.
As of December 2015, the number of our members are more than 2000 people, the core members of more than 300 people.
Members of the professional direction of the computer, electronics, electrical, construction, design, art, machinery manufacturing, management, economy, and many other areas, members of the distribution throughout the country, involving students, senior engineer, a professor at the university of talent in many aspects, designers, famous experts and elite. In addition, we also have more than 5000 square meters and customer base, and equipped with complete processing and production equipment, such as 3 d printing, laser engraving machine, CNC machine tools, welding machine, etc., to help create geeks to turn their ideas into reality.
吉克创客空间成立于 2012年 5月，是由XX地区一群软硬件技术人才和设计人才发起的民间非营利性组织（NGO），是中国最早成立的创客空间之一。发展至今，已成为中国最大创客组织之一，被评为江苏省省级众创空间，xx市市级NGO组织。
我们一直致力于推动xx地区民间科技力量和文化创新的发展，整合人才和资源优势，鼓励发明创造和技术创新，鼓励知识分享和艺术创作。我们更鼓励研发实用型产品和项目，形成知识产权和专利。
截至2015 年12月，我们的成员人数超过2000人，核心成员300余人。
成员专业方向涵盖计算机、电子、电力、建筑、设计、艺术、机械制造、管理、经济等诸多领域，成员分布全国各地，涉及在校学生、资深工程师、大学教授、设计师、知名专家等多方面人才和精英。另外，我们还拥有5000多平方米的创客活动基地，并配置了齐全的的加工和制作设备，如3D打印机、激光雕刻机、CNC机床、焊接台等，帮助创客们将自己的想法变成现实。


Join gektek
加入吉克

We are a by a guest, media, innovation of transboundary team of designers and engineers. We pursue innovation, practice, to share a guest culture. Welcome more individuality and creativity, to product, technology, unique design and art have a try, opinions and skill of the Maker to join.
We firmly believe that the future created by you. Let’s make it！
我们是一支由创客、媒体人、设计师和工程师组成的创新跨界团队。我们崇尚创新、实践、分享的创客文化。欢迎更多有个性和创意，对产品、技术、设计和艺术有独特尝试、意见和技艺的Maker加入。
我们坚信，未来由你创造。Let’s make it！

Contact method
联系方式

Address
地址

Postcode
邮编

Phone
电话

Fax
传真

You can fill out the form below to contact us
您可以填写下方的表单联系我们

Your email address
您的邮箱地址

Your subject
您的标题

You want to say
您要说的内容

Submit
提交

Development history
发展历程

Join us
加入我们

Contact us
联系我们